README.md, before:

# HTML Animator

HTML Animator is a web application that simplifies the creation of keyframe-based animations based on anime.js.

Anime.js is a great library, but creating complex keyframe animations manually isn't fun, takes a lot time and leads to a lot of code. With a visual editor, it's much easier to create and edit keyframes.

HTML Animator has adopted the concepts of anime.js, which should make it quite easy to get used to for someone who know anime.js. It uses a custom file format for the animation script, but exports JavaScript that only relies on anime.js.

**The app does not allow you to create or edit scenes, only to animate them! To edit scenes you must use a Text, HTML or SVG Editor.**

HTML Animator was created some time ago as a side project to create a few animations, but has not received any updates since.

The project is open to pull requests that fix bugs or extend the application in a meaningful way. Bug fixes and optimizations will be merged as quick as possible.

![Application UI](./public/documentation/application.gif)

[Launch the web app](https://html-animator.github.io) or [load an example scene](https://html-animator.github.io/?sceneUrl=%2Fexamples%2Fdriving.svg&scriptUrl=%2Fexamples%2Fdriving.htani)

To get more information please follow the link below.

[Getting started](https://github.com/html-animator/html-animator/wiki/Getting-started)

[Examples](https://github.com/html-animator/html-animator/wiki/Examples)

Commit message:

Add more information to readme Add help menu in app

README.md, after:

# HTML Animator

HTML Animator is a web application that simplifies the creation of keyframe-based animations based on anime.js.

Anime.js is a great library, but creating complex keyframe animations manually isn't fun, takes a lot time and leads to a lot of code. With a visual editor, it's much easier to create and edit keyframes.

HTML Animator has adopted the concepts of anime.js, which should make it quite easy to get used to for someone who know anime.js. It uses a custom file format for the animation script, but exports JavaScript that only relies on anime.js.

**The app does not allow you to create or edit scenes, only to animate them! To edit scenes you must use a Text, HTML or SVG Editor.**

![Application UI](./public/documentation/application.gif)

[Launch the web app](https://html-animator.github.io) or [load an example scene](https://html-animator.github.io/?sceneUrl=%2Fexamples%2Fdriving.svg&scriptUrl=%2Fexamples%2Fdriving.htani)

## Resources

[Getting started guide](https://github.com/html-animator/html-animator/wiki/Getting-started)

[Example scenes and animations](https://github.com/html-animator/html-animator/wiki/Examples)

## Contribution

HTML Animator was created some time ago as a side project to create a few animations, but has not received many updates since.

Pull requests that fix bugs or extend the application in a meaningful way are welcome. Bug fixes and optimizations will be merged as quick as possible.
